# ECE444 Lab 5
## Tashan Maniyalaghan
### This repository is a clone of https://github.com/mjhea0/flaskr-tdd

## Here is the link to my test function: https://github.com/ECE444-2023Fall/project-1-web-application-design-group1-flask-and-furious/blob/fbff4850083ac608fc1d1c0e323c546253eba47e/__tests__/tags.test.tsx

## Pros and Cons of Test Driven Development
### Pros
Test Driven Development (TDD) is a very strong tool to use when developing programs or software. It allows one to more easily write the code that they need without adding extra code that is not needed. For example, once a test passes, there is no need to continue writing more code to fulfil that test. TDD also allows you to get a better sense of what you will need to develop and what is required for your program or software to function correctly. This can make development easier as you need to take the time to understand what you are working on to be able to implement the tests, and in a way, the tests are a framework of what needs to be implemented. Tests not only help you test your code to make sure it is functioning correctly, but it also acts as a reminder, so you don’t forget to implement a feature. 

### Cons
Although TDD is very useful in testing and implementing your code, there are some negatives that come along with using it in development. One of the main cons of TDD is that it takes a lot of time to implement the tests to begin with. Since you are writing the tests without knowing exactly how the code is going to be written, some planning needs to be done ahead of time to be able to implement them, which can take a lot of time away from the actual development of the program or software. This is even more true with lager projects. Another con is that the tests may not account for all bugs since you can’t see into the future and know exactly how your code is going to work. It is possible that some bugs end up slipping through the cracks because you couldn’t account for it happening. The final con I want to mention is that during development, things can change, and you may decide to implement a new feature that you did not originally plan on including. If this were to happen, you would need to go back and revise or even create new tests to account for this feature. Although it will help in development, it will also make time away from the actual development process.